Reviewing release 4.0.0 (#254)
genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte: docs/usage.md

| `bam_cram`     | Full path to BAM/CRAM file.                                                                                                                                                            | Provide either fastq_1 or bam/cram |
| `bai_crai`     | Full path to BAM/CRAM index file.                                                                                                                                                      | Only when bam/cram is provided     |
| `Paternal`     | Father's custom sample name. If there is no paternal sample available, it can be left empty.                                                                                           | Optional                           |
| `Maternal`     | Mother's custom sample name. If there is no maternal sample available, it can be left empty.                                                                                           | Optional                           |

> | `Sex`          | Sample sex. The valid input is M or 1for male; F or 2 for female; NA, 0, or other if unkown                                                                                            | Optional                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Sex`          | Sample sex. The valid input is M or 1 for male; F or 2 for female; NA, 0, or any string other than 1 or 2 if unkown                                                                                            | Optional                           |
```

Reviewer: Perhaps replace string with character. Just to not confuse it with the string 'other' (although, I guess in this case it would be fine to actually write 'other' there? 😄)
